Update changelog changes on 2.x branch for 2.5 release (#3243)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG
Inspired from [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

## [Unreleased]
### 💥 Breaking Changes

> ### Deprecations

Reviewer: This can also happen in a future PR, but we'll still want an `[Unreleased]` section with all the empty headers (except breaking changes, which should never appear in this `2.x` branch).

Author: Added

> ## [2.5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [2.5.0]
```

- Bump decode-uri-component from 0.2.0 to 0.2.2 ([3009](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3009))
- [CVE-2022-25912] Bumps simple-git from 3.4.0 to 3.15.0 ([#3036](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3036))
- [CVE-2022-35256] Bumps node version from 14.20.0 to 14.20.1 [#3166](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3166))
- [CVE-2022-46175] Bumps json5 version from 1.0.1 and 2.2.1 to 1.0.2 and 2.2.3 ([#3201](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3201))

### 📈 Features/Enhancements

- [CLI] Add yarn opensearch arg to setup plugin dependencies ([#2734](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2734))
- [I18n] Register ru, ru-RU locale ([#2817](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2817))
- [Multi DataSource] Test the connection to an external data source when creating or updating ([#2973](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2973))
- [Multi DataSource] Improve test connection ([#3110](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3110))

> - [Vis Builder] Add global data persistence for vis builder #2896 ([#2896](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2896))

Reviewer 2: Make sure all [Vis Builder] is changed to [VisBuilder] throughout.

Author: Changed, thx!

- Add aliased vega-lite v5 dependency and bundle from source ([#3151](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3151))

### 🔩 Tests

- Add retrial of flaky tests ([#2967](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2967))
- Make tests covering plugin installation on cluster snapshots work across platforms ([#2994](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2994))
- [Tests] Bumps `chromedriver` to v107 ([#3017](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3017))
- [Tests] Skip tests inside the docs folder ([#3197](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3197))
- Correct the linting logic for `no-restricted-path` to ignore trailing slashes ([#3020](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3020))
- [Vis Builder] Adds field unit tests ([#3211](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3211))

## [2.4.1]

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

- Update `leaflet-vega` and fix its usage ([#3005](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3005))

> ### 🔩 Tests

Reviewer: remove?

Author: @joshuarrrr why do we remove this part?

Reviewer: There's nothing under the `Tests` header for that release

Reviewer: oh, I see the entry now

Author: There is one entry under `Tests` : Correct the linting logic for `no-restricted-path` to ignore trailing slashes ([#3020](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3020))

- [Multi DataSource] Add sample configuration for multi data source to the yml template ([#2428](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2428))
- [Multi DataSource] Tweak multiple data source design doc ([#2724](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2724))
- [Multi DataSource] Update MD data source documentation link ([#2693](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2693))

### 🔩 Tests

* Update caniuse to fix failed integration tests ([#2322](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2322))
- Update caniuse to fix failed integration tests ([#2322](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2322))
- [Multi DataSource] Add unit test coverage for Update Data source management stack ([#2567](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2567))
- [Vis Builder] Enable VisBuilder cypress tests ([#2728](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2728))

### 🛠 Maintenance

[Unreleased]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/compare/2.3.0...HEAD

> [2.x]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/compare/2.3.0...2.x

Reviewer: Do we want to keep these link diffs? I think we'd only want the [Unreleased], since we got rid of the 2.x section. and the diff for unreleased should be https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/compare/2.5.0...2.x

Author: added under maintenance under 2.5.0

- [Table Visualization] Fix a problem with table visualizations that prevented URLs from being rendered correctly ([#2918](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2918))
- [Embaddable] Fix a misleading error message ([#3043](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3043))
- Fix rendering issues when the obsolete `v8 (beta)` theme was carried over by an upgrade ([#3045](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3045))
- [Multi Datasource] Replace the mock URL in tests ([#3099](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3099))
- [CI] Increase Yarn's timeout for installing dependencies in workflows ([#3118](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3118))
- [VisBuilder] Fix an issue that caused a crash when certain filters were added to a table visualization ([#3210](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3210))
- [VisBuilder] Fix errors throws when pipeline aggregations, like cumulative sum, were used in VisBuilder ([#3137](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3137))

> - [Region Maps] Fix the problem of join fields being unusable ([#3213](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3213))

Reviewer 3: Squeezed one more after this: - `[Multi DataSource] Update test connection button text ([#3247](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3247))`

> - [Region Maps] Fix the problem of join fields being unusable ([#3213](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3213))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Region Maps] Fix the problem of join fields being unusable ([#3213](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3213))
- [Multi DataSource] Update test connection button text ([#3247](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3247))
```

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

### 🚞 Infrastructure

### 📝 Documentation

### 🛠 Maintenance

### 🪛 Refactoring

### 🔩 Tests

## [2.5.0]

### 🛡 Security

- Introduce guidelines for reporting vulnerable dependencies ([#2674](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2674))
- Bump decode-uri-component from 0.2.0 to 0.2.2 ([3009](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3009))
- [CVE-2022-25912] Bump simple-git from 3.4.0 to 3.15.0 ([#3036](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3036))
- [CVE-2022-35256] Bump node version from 14.20.0 to 14.20.1 [#3166](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3166))
- [CVE-2022-46175] Bump json5 version from 1.0.1 and 2.2.1 to 1.0.2 and 2.2.3 ([#3201](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3201))

### 📈 Features/Enhancements

- [CLI] Enhance `yarn opensearch snapshot` to facilitate installing plugins on an OpenSearch cluster ([#2734](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2734))
- [I18n] Register ru, ru-RU locale ([#2817](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2817))

> - [Multi DataSource] Introduce validation of new or modified connections to external data sources ([#2973](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2973), [#3110](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3110))

Reviewer 4: We are missing `- [Multi DataSource] Improve test connection` title here

- [Multi DataSource] Improve test connection ([#3110](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3110))
- [VisBuilder] Add global data persistence for vis builder #2896 ([#2896](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2896))
- [VisBuilder] Add redux store persistence ([#3088](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3088))
- [VisBuilder] Add app filter and query persistence without using state container ([#3100](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3100))
- [Data] Update `createAggConfig` so that newly created configs can be added to beginning of `aggConfig` array ([#3160](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3160))

> - [Optimizer] Increase timeout waiting for the exiting of an optimizer worker ([#3193](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3193))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Optimizer] Increased the amount of time an optimizer worker is provided to exit before throwing an error ([#3193](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3193))
```

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

> - Bump `del` version to fix MacOS race condition ([#2847](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2873))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the `del` library to fix a race condition on macOS ([#2847](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2873))
```

> - [Table Visualization] Fix Url content display issue in table ([#2918](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2918))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Table Visualization] Fixed a problem with table visualizations that prevented URLs from being rendered correctly ([#2918](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2918))
```

> - Fix misleading embaddable plugin error message ([#3043](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3043))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Embaddable] Fixed a misleading error message ([#3043](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3043))
```

> - Add config override to fix obsolete theme:version config value of v8 (beta) rendering issue ([#3045](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3045))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Fixed rendering issues when the obsolete `v8 (beta)` theme was carried over by an upgrade ([#3045](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3045))
```

> - [Multi Datasource] Update dummy url in tests to follow lychee url allowlist ([#3099](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3099))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Multi Datasource] Replaced the mock URL in tests ([#3099](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3099))
```

> - [CI] Update test workflow to increase network-timeout for yarn for installing dependencies ([#3118](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3118))

Reviewer 5: This should be moved to `Infrastructure`:

```suggestion
- [CI] Increased Yarn's timeout for installing dependencies in workflows ([#3118](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3118))
```

> - [VisBuilder] Fix filters for table visualisation ([#3210](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3210))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [VisBuilder] Fixed an issue that caused a crash when certain filters were added to a table visualization ([#3210](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3210))
```

- [VisBuilder] Fix pipeline aggs ([#3137](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3137))

> - [Region Maps] Fix bug that prevents selected join field to be used ([#3213](Fix bug that prevents selected join field to be used))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Region Maps] Fixed the problem of join fields being unusable ([#3213](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3213))
```

### 🚞 Infrastructure

> - Bump version on 2.x branch to 2.5.0 ([#2884](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2884))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Bumped the version of the `2.x` branch to 2.5.0 ([#2884](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2884))
```

> - Add Windows CI workflows ([#2966](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2966))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [CI] Created workflows that test and build on Windows ([#2966](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2966))
```

> - Add automatic selection of the appropriate version of chrome driver to run functional tests ([#2990](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2990))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [CI] Automated ChromeDriver installation for running functional tests ([#2990](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2990))
```

> - Add release notes for 1.3.7 ([#3066](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3066))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Created the Release Notes for the 1.3.7 release ([#3066](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3066))
```

> - Improve yarn's performance in workflows by caching yarn's cache folder ([#3194](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3194))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [CI] Improved workflows by retaining Yarn's cache folder ([#3194](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3194))
```

### 📝 Documentation

> - Add the release runbook to RELEASING.md ([#2533](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2533))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Published the release runbook ([#2533](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2533))
```

> - Add `current-usage.md` and more details to `README.md` of `charts` plugin ([#2695](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2695))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Documented the capabilities of the Charts plugin and its current usage ([#2695](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2695))
```

> - [Doc] Corrected README and help command of osd-plugin-helpers ([#2810](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2810))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Documented the correct version selection switch in `@osd/plugin-helpers` ([#2810](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2810))
```

> - [Doc] Add readme for global query persistence ([#3001](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3001))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Documented the global query persistence ([#3001](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3001))
```

> - [Doc] Add current plugin persistence implementation readme ([#3081](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3081))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Documented data persistence for plugins ([#3081](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3081))
```

### 🪛 Refactoring

> - [VisBuilder] Removed hard coded strings and used i18n to translate([#2867](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2867))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [VisBuilder] Extended the use of i18n ([#2867](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2867))
```

> - [Console] Replace jQuery.ajax with core.http when calling OSD APIs in console ([#3080]https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3080))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Console] Switched to using `core.http` when calling OSD APIs in console ([#3080]https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3080))
```

> - [Table Visualization] Refactor table visualization using React and DataGrid component ([#2863](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2863))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Table Visualization] Refactored table visualization using React and DataGrid component ([#2863](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2863))
```

### 🛠 Maintenance

> - Remove `github-checks-reporter`, an unused dependency ([#3126](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3126))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Removed an unused dependency on `github-checks-reporter` ([#3126](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3126))
```

> - Add aliased vega-lite v5 dependency and bundle from source ([#3151](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3151))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Introduced `vega-lite@5`, aliased as `vega-lite-next` ([#3151](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3151))
```

### 🔩 Tests

> - Add retrial of flaky tests ([#2967](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2967))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Enabled retrying of flaky tests ([#2967](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2967))
```

> - Make tests covering plugin installation on cluster snapshots work across platforms ([#2994](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2994))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Enhanced cross-platform testing of plugin installation on cluster snapshots ([#2994](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2994))
```

> - [Tests] Bump `chromedriver` to v107 ([#3017](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3017))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Tests] Bumped `chromedriver` to v107 ([#3017](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3017))
```

> - [Tests] Skip tests inside the docs folder ([#3197](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3197))

Reviewer 5: This should move to Infrastructure:
```suggestion
- [CI] Disabled the execution of the Build and Test workflow when the changes are limited to the docs folder ([#3197](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3197))
```

> - Correct the linting logic for `no-restricted-path` to ignore trailing slashes ([#3020](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3020))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Corrected the linting logic for `no-restricted-path` to ignore trailing slashes ([#3020](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3020))
```

> - [VisBuilder] Add field unit tests ([#3211](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3211))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [VisBuilder] Created unit tests for field utilities ([#3211](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3211))
```

# CHANGELOG
Inspired from [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

## Unreleased

### Deprecations

### 🛡 Security

### 📈 Features/Enhancements

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

### 🚞 Infrastructure

### 📝 Documentation

### 🛠 Maintenance

### 🪛 Refactoring

### 🔩 Tests

## [2.5.0]

### 🛡 Security

> - Add Security-CVEs fixes guidelines ([#2674](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2674))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Introduced guidelines for reporting vulnerable dependencies ([#2674](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2674))
```

- Bump decode-uri-component from 0.2.0 to 0.2.2 ([3009](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3009))
- [CVE-2022-25912] Bump simple-git from 3.4.0 to 3.15.0 ([#3036](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3036))
- [CVE-2022-35256] Bump node version from 14.20.0 to 14.20.1 [#3166](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3166))
- [CVE-2022-46175] Bump json5 version from 1.0.1 and 2.2.1 to 1.0.2 and 2.2.3 ([#3201](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3201))

### 📈 Features/Enhancements

> - [CLI] Add yarn opensearch arg to setup plugin dependencies ([#2734](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2734))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [CLI] Enhanced `yarn opensearch snapshot` to facilitate installing plugins on an OpenSearch cluster ([#2734](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2734))
```

- [I18n] Register ru, ru-RU locale ([#2817](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2817))

> - [Multi DataSource] Test the connection to an external data source when creating or updating ([#2973](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2973))
> - [Multi DataSource] Improve test connection ([#3110](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3110))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Multi DataSource] Introduced validation of new or modified connections to external data sources ([#2973](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2973), [#3110](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3110))
```

> - [VisBuilder] Add global data persistence for vis builder #2896 ([#2896](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2896))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [VisBuilder] Created global data persistence for VisBuilder ([#2896](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2896))
```

> - [VisBuilder] Add redux store persistence ([#3088](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3088))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [VisBuilder] Introduced Redux store persistence ([#3088](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3088))
```

> - [VisBuilder] Add app filter and query persistence without using state container ([#3100](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3100))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [VisBuilder] Enabled persistence for app filter and query without using state containers ([#3100](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3100))
```

> - [Data] Update `createAggConfig` so that newly created configs can be added to beginning of `aggConfig` array ([#3160](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3160))

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- [Data] Made the newly created configurations get added to beginning of the `aggConfig` array when using `createAggConfig` ([#3160](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3160))
```

- [Doc] Add readme for global query persistence ([#3001](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3001))
- [Doc] Add current plugin persistence implementation readme ([#3081](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3081))

### 🪛 Refactoring

- [VisBuilder] Removed hard coded strings and used i18n to translate([#2867](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2867))
- [Console] Replace jQuery.ajax with core.http when calling OSD APIs in console ([#3080]https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3080))
- [Table Visualization] Refactor table visualization using React and DataGrid component ([#2863](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2863))

### 🛠 Maintenance

- Remove `github-checks-reporter`, an unused dependency ([#3126](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3126))
- Add aliased vega-lite v5 dependency and bundle from source ([#3151](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3151))

> - [Unreleased]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/compare/2.5.0...HEAD

Reviewer: Ah, sorry - this isn't supposed to be an entry on the list, it's a link to help readers view a complete diff of Unreleased. Maybe just link the header?

Author: Okay got it!
